My goal for this Project was to create 4 separate pages with each one fulfulling a requirment, some pages maybe more than one. On the initial load page the login information is Monarch for the username and Godzilla for the Password. It should not allow you to enter anything else without protest. Once entered and submit clicked, it should pass an alert and once accepted, should take you to the Godzilla Monster Search feature page and produce a loud sound of Godzilla growling. I made an autoplay sound feature so that it feels like Godzilla is nearby and danger is lurking in keeping with the theme of the website.  I implemented a search feature on the Godzilla Monster Search Page. I tried to narrow it down to Godzilla related monsters only and have a specific section for it to display but ran out of time. It will technically search Wikipedia for anything but for the purposes of this test, please search Godzilla related monsters like King Ghidorah, Mothra, Gigan, Destroyah et. al. A link for each creature result and related material will appear underneath the search engine, if clicked it will take you to the wikipedia page on a new tab. I was not able to get a passthrough feature for the Help section to submit the wikipedia api information to populate the table. 

However, I did construct a static table.  I made a doomsday countdown timer, although the hours and days are off and I could not figure out the proper numbers to get the correct countdown, but, on the end of the countdown, it should take the user to Googlemaps to a specified movie theater in Tokyo, Japan. I also have a calendar feature that allows for a clickable day (Doomsday) that has a flip feature that shows the movie theater in Tokyo Japan as the address and as the ACCEPT feature. The Accept and Reject buttons for the calendar pop up are replaced by (Doomsday Epicenter) and (Safety) per theme.

 My goal was to use (1. Use arrays, objects, sets or maps to store and retrieve information that is displayed in your app.) for the table. (3. Use a regular expression to validate user input and either prevent the invalid input or inform the user about it (in all cases prevent invalid input from being stored or saved).) 9. Calculate and display data based on an external factor (ex: get the current date, and display how many days remaining until some event) and this feature API for the Search Feature (1. Retrieve data from a third-party API and use it to display something within your app.)